Cylc install/reinstall docs (#201)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/glossary.rst

      A Cylc suite is a directory containing a :cylc:conf:`flow.cylc` file
      which contains :term:`graphing<graph>` representing a workflow.

>    suite directory

Reviewer: Are we calling this the "suite directory" or the "source directory"? I had been working with the latter name, because:
1. We're trying to avoid the term suite, at least in terms of pure Cylc Stuff.
2. Source doesn't imply any connection to Rose, which is optional.

Author: I had removed `suite directory` after a discussion with Oliver. Is this ok @oliver-sanders?

Reviewer: Sorry, me be daft, this is a removal - sorry.

      * :term:`job`
      * :term:`qualifier`

>    workflow run directory

Reviewer 2: Whilst "workflow run directory" is the full and proper name (or is it "flow run directory"?) we will want to refer to it throughout the docs as "run directory" or simply "run dir" if we can get away with that abbreviation (which I think we can if we link through to the glossary every now-and-again).

So here's my suggestion, differentiate the "run dir" and "cylc-run dir" with the word "cylc":

```
run dir
run directory
```

```
source dir
source directory
```

```
cylc-run
cylc-run directory
```

Thoughts?

Author: It is more concise, happy to change these.

      See also:

      * :term:`cold start`
   
   source directory
      An arbitrary directory where workflows are written and stored in

>       preparation for installation with `cylc install` or reinstallation with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      preparation for installation with ``cylc install`` or reinstallation with
```

Need to add some sort of a check for these, such an easy mistake to make. I bet there are loads we've missed.

>       `cylc reinstall`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ``cylc reinstall``.
      
      see also:
      
      * :term:`run directory`
      * :ref:`Installing-workflows`
```

Could also add those lines to the `run directory` entry.

      * :term:`cold start`

   cylc-run directory
      The directory that contains workflows. This is, by default, ``~/cylc-run``
      but may be configured using :cylc:conf:`global.cylc[symlink dirs]`.

      See also:

      * :term:`run directory`
   
   source directory

>       An arbitrary directory where workflows are written and stored in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Any directory where workflows are written and stored in
```

I wonder if it's worth considering whether a note to the effect of:
"It's good practice for run directories and source directories to be kept separate"?

Author: Sure, to explain the point, I am presuming you mean it is best practice to design workflows in source directory and not to design your workflows in the cylc-run directory?
